RUMM-2490 Add package for codepush support (#261)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: docs/codepush.md

# CodePush for React Native support

## Overview

Enable React Native Crash Reporting and Error Tracking to get comprehensive crash reports and error trends with Real User Monitoring.

Each time you release a new [CodePush][1] version for your React Native application, you need to upload the source maps to Datadog to unminify errors.

> To achieve this, we recommand using `@datadog/mobile-react-native-code-push` in your app and the [datadog-ci][3] `react-native codepush` command to upload your source maps. It will ensure that the version will be consistent in both reported crashes and uploaded source maps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve this, we recommend using `@datadog/mobile-react-native-code-push` in your app and the [datadog-ci][3] `react-native codepush` command to upload your source maps. It will ensure that the version will be consistent in both reported crashes and uploaded source maps.
```

Install `@datadog/mobile-react-native-code-push`.

To install with NPM, run:

```sh
npm install @datadog/mobile-react-native-code-push
```

To install with Yarn, run:

```sh
yarn add @datadog/mobile-react-native-code-push
```

Replace `DdSdkReactNative.initialize` by `DatadogCodepush.initialize` in your code:

```js
import { DdSdkReactNativeConfiguration } from '@datadog/mobile-react-native';
import { DatadogCodepush } from '@datadog/mobile-react-native-code-push';

const config = new DdSdkReactNativeConfiguration(
    '<CLIENT_TOKEN>',
    '<ENVIRONMENT_NAME>',
    '<RUM_APPLICATION_ID>',
    true, // track User interactions (e.g.: Tap on buttons. You can use 'accessibilityLabel' element property to give tap action the name, otherwise element type will be reported)
    true, // track XHR Resources
    true // track Errors
);

await DatadogCodepush.initialize(config);
```

## Upload CodePush source maps

Install [`@datadog/datadog-ci`][3] as a development dependency to your project.

To install it with npm:

```sh
npm install @datadog/datadog-ci --save-dev
```

To install it with yarn:

```sh
yarn add -D @datadog/datadog-ci
```

> Create an encrypted or gitignored `datadog-ci.json` file at the root of your project containing your API key and the Datadog site (if not `datadoghq.com`):

Reviewer: maybe we should just say gitignored? to not advise pushing secrets to the repo, even in encrypted format.

```json
{
    "apiKey": "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx",
    "site": "datadoghq.eu"
}
```

> N.B.: You can also export them as `DATADOG_API_KEY` and `DATADOG_SITE` environment variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** You can also export them as `DATADOG_API_KEY` and `DATADOG_SITE` environment variables.
```
